C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.exe
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.deps.json
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.dll
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.pdb
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.dll
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Part1 - Strings.dll
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.pdb
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\ITS\Documents\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Part1 - Strings.dll
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.exe
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.deps.json
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.dll
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\bin\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.pdb
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.dll
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Part1 - Strings.dll
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.pdb
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\Part1 - Strings.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\ITS\Desktop\dotnet-fundamentals\Part1 - Strings\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Part1 - Strings.dll
